comptroller general elmer Stotts of the
General Accounting Office had a simple
direct answer when the committee asked
him if he knows how big a budget is
available to the various spy agencies no
he replied and another no to the
question if he knows where the money is
hidden in the national budget
congressman les aspin wanted to know
more about the sources of the spy money
where else could they get money could
they be for example printing the stuff
is that possibly think of any other
place I'm trying to find out where all
the possible sources of funds for the
intelligence community come from where
do they come from the only the only
basic source has to come from
appropriations you can't think of
anything else appropriations proprietary
companies not selling proprietary
company's profits of proprietary company
basically that's as far as you can think
of those but those would not be
significant in relationship to this
operation Nelson Scott seemed almost
apologetic about the GAO xin ability to
come up with a satisfactory audit he
said there's just no way to get the
facts and stats said he wouldn't
recommend that such an audit be made
public even if it could be formulated
but he said the public might be
reassured to know that someone somewhere
knew the whole story of what was going
on with the Nation spies this is Joe
mooring on Capitol Hill